To,

Hiring Manager,
#404-717 West Pender Street
Vancouver, BC V6C 1G9
Canada

RE: Back-End Developer

Please find enclosed mine resume for Back-End Developer position. I hold Bachelor of Technology degree in Computer Science and Engineering and topper of 1989 batch. I have many years of industry experience in developing, enhancing, maintaining complex and large projects using C language in area such as UNIX kernel, Edge router, Industrial firewall and software porting. 

Following are some of the high notes of my skills applicable to this job 

My background includes extensive 'C' programming experience in Real-time operating system (RTOS) and embedded environment. I have solid understanding of the full software product life cycle conforming to ISO:9001 and CMM standards.

Most recently, I enhanced and maintained firewall software which include writing packet sniffer for industrial space, Hardened Deep Packet Inspection (DPI Engine) code and Strengthened the standard protocol to avoid potential evasion/vulnerability.

While working with Redback Networks, I have specialized in large scale embedded software development in B-RAS(Broadband remote access server) which include migrated UNIX applications from 32-bit IBM Power PC platform to 64-bit Broadcom MIPS processor for next generation Cross connect route processor controller card.

Another area of my expertise is UNIX kernel including feature enhancements, writing device driver and defect fixing in complex multi-processor kernel (Single instruction multiple data). Additionally, championed performance enhancements in UNIX SVR2.0 code base during my tenure with Centre for development of telematics.
  
Last, but certainly not least, I have strong customer support skills including but not limited to excellent oral and written proficiency, handling and prioritizing multiple tasks and work under pressure.

Please let me know should you have any further question about any of above skills.

Thanks

Sincerely,
Sushil Agarwal
